typo fix (#440)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/dapp/json-rpc/api-references/eth/caution.md

Because there are lots of transaction types in Klaytn, fields of transaction receipt vary based on the transaction type.

When you try to query Klaytn transaction receipts via eth namespace JSON-RPC apis,

> Klaytn TransactionReceipt will return as Ethereum Transaction Receipt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Klaytn TransactionReceipt will be returned as Ethereum Transaction Receipt.
```

Reviewer: isn't this correct?

Author: > 

Yes I think your version sounds better
